NIAD-1296: GitHub bugs (#155)
nhsconnect/integration-adaptor-lab-results: README.md

## FHIR specification discrepancies

Due to the nature of EDIFACT messages, following discrepancies between FHIR profiles and actual resources have been introduced:

- `DiagnosticReport.identifier.value` - EDIFACT identifier will be used which might not be an UUIDv4.
- `DiagnosticReport.identifier.system` - field will be omitted.
- `Practitioner.identifier.value` - EDIFACT does not provide SDS User ID. Value from EDIFACT will be used which might not be an UUIDv4.
- `Practitioner.identifier.system` - field will be omitted.
- `ProcedureRequest.reasonReference` - field becomes optional.
- `Specimen.accessionIdentifier` - field becomes optional.
- `Specimen.collection` - field becomes optional.
- `Specimen.identifier` - EDIFACT has nothing to map from. FHIR field will be omitted.
- `Specimen.type.coding` - EDIFACT does not give Read2 nor SNOMED. `coding.system` will be omitted. Only `coding.display` will be populated.
- `Observation.code.coding.code` - field becomes optional.
- `Observation.code.coding.display` - field becomes optional.
- `Observation.identifier` - EDIFACT has nothing to map from. FHIR field will be omitted.

> - `Observation.value[x]` - can be not only `valueQuantity` but also `valueCodeableConcept`.

Reviewer: Had to read this one a few times, simply it?

```suggestion
- `Observation.value[x]` - can be `valueQuantity` or `valueCodeableConcept`.
```

> - `Observation.value[x]` - can be not only `valueQuantity` but also `valueCodeableConcept`.

Reviewer 2: Can `Observation.value[x]` have both a `valueQuantity` and `valueCodeableConcept`?
If so, you could reword this to be "can be `valueQuantity` and/or `valueCodeableConcept`"

> - `Observation.value[x]` - can be not only `valueQuantity` but also `valueCodeableConcept`.

Reviewer 2: Can `Observation.value[x]` have both a `valueQuantity` and `valueCodeableConcept`?
If so, you could reword this to be "can be `valueQuantity` and/or `valueCodeableConcept`"
